docs: update to reflect env and job changes (#3952)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/concepts/environments.en.md

## Creating an Environment

To create a new environment in your app, you can run `copilot env init` from within your workspace. Copilot will ask you what you want to name this environment and what profile you'd like to use to bootstrap the environment. These profiles are AWS [named profiles](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-profiles.html) which are associated with a particular account and region. When you select one of these profiles, your environment will be created in whichever account and region that profile is associated with.
```console
$ copilot env init
```

> After you run `copilot env init`, you can watch as Copilot sets up the first of the environment's resources. IAM roles and other infrastructural resources are created. If the environment was created with a different AWS account than the app, the environment will be linked back to the application account; this allows actors in the application account to manage the environment, even without access to the environment account. Copilot creates an [env manifest](../manifest/environment.en.md) at `copilot/environments/[env name]/manifest.yml`.

Reviewer: `infrastructural` is quite the word :joy:

Author: maybe I was inspired by "convolutional"

> After you run `copilot env init`, you can watch as Copilot sets up the first of the environment's resources. IAM roles and other infrastructural resources are created. If the environment was created with a different AWS account than the app, the environment will be linked back to the application account; this allows actors in the application account to manage the environment, even without access to the environment account. Copilot creates an [env manifest](../manifest/environment.en.md) at `copilot/environments/[env name]/manifest.yml`.

Reviewer 2: I think we can be more specific to what `env init` creates. They are not super arbitrary - we probably won't need to create more resources during this step any time soon. What do you think of something along the line:

```suggestion
After you run `copilot env init`, you can watch as Copilot sets up the two IAM roles that are essential in updating and managing the environment. <the rest>`.
```

## Deploying an Environment

If you'd like, you may configure your environment by making changes to your [env manifest](../manifest/environment.en.md) before deploying it:
```console
$ copilot env deploy
```

> In this step, Copilot adds more resources: an ECS cluster, a security group, a private DNS namespace. After deployment, you can modify your env manifest and redeploy by simply running [`copilot env deploy`](../commands/env-deploy.en.md) again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this step, Copilot creates more resources, like an ECS cluster, a security group, and a private DNS namespace. After deployment, you can modify your env manifest and redeploy by simply running [`copilot env deploy`](../commands/env-deploy.en.md) again.
```

> In this step, Copilot creates more resources, like an ECS cluster, a security group, and a private DNS namespace. After deployment, you can modify your env manifest and redeploy by simply running [`copilot env deploy`](../commands/env-deploy.en.md) again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this step, Copilot creates your environment infrastructure resources, like an ECS cluster, a security group, and a private DNS namespace. After deployment, you can modify your env manifest and redeploy by simply running [`copilot env deploy`](../commands/env-deploy.en.md) again.
```
